Katas UI review - Multiqubit measurements (#1844)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/multi_qubit_measurements/state_preparation/solution.md

$$CCNOT\frac{1}{2} \big(\ket{00\textbf{0}} + \ket{01\textbf{0}} + \ket{10\textbf{0}} + \ket{11\textbf{0}}\big) =
\frac{1}{2}\big(\ket{00} + \ket{01} + \ket{10} \big) \otimes \ket{\textbf{0}} + \frac{1}{2}\ket{11} \otimes \ket{\textbf{1}} $$

Finally, you measure just the extra qubit; this causes a partial collapse of the system to the state defined by the measurement result:
* If the result is $\ket{0}$, the first two qubits collapse to a state that is a linear combination of basis states which had the extra qubit in state $\ket{0}$, that is, they end up in the target state $\frac{1}{\sqrt3}\big(\ket{00} + \ket{01} + \ket{10}\big)$.
* If the result is $\ket{1}$, the first two qubits collapse to a state $\ket{11}$, so your goal is not achieved. The good thing is, this only happens in 25% of the cases, and you can just reset our qubits to the $\ket{00}$ state and try again.

> Q# has a built-in <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/user-guide/language/expressions/conditionalloops#repeat-expression" target="_blank">repeat-until-success (RUS) loop</a>, which comes in handy in this case.

> > * You'll describe the main operations (applying $H$ and $CCNOT$ gates and the measurement) in the `repeat` part of the loop, which specifies its body.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The main operations (applying $H$ and $CCNOT$ gates and the measurement) are described in the `repeat` part of the loop, which specifies its body.  
```
